everyone travels cafard here reporting
from the LCS if you want to call it
reporting I don't know and of course
this is brought to you by Omni / a
little bit of a different video because
I am not interviewing anyone right now
but I do want to talk a little bit about
the interesting bug that happened
earlier
that required a remake well not a remake
a end of the game between clutch and
echo fox have you missed it
echo fox was considerably up in the game
and then suddenly all the players and
the spectators got disconnected we went
into a pause for probably about 30
minutes or so roughly that's how it felt
and then we finally got the word that
because echo fox was ahead and the game
was unable to be remade that we well
there was unable to be chrono breaks
sorry that we would just end up calling
it an echo fox win and moving on and
it's really unsatisfying i actually
trying to remember right i can't
personally think in my time covering
League of Legends at a time when the
Nexus didn't explode and a win was it
awarded looking at looking at the
decision I see that the league offs
people had basically two really really
tough decisions to make both of them
basically like a lose-lose decision you
either call it for echo fox because they
were ahead or you remake the game
completely frustrating both teams and
possibly have clutch win which causes
maybe even more drama than just calling
it for echo fox now i think looking
online and kind of my opinion it seems
like this was maybe the right decision
to make
technically speaking the qualifications
were not met for you know considering
echo fox the winner on underneath the
rule set but there's also rules that
leave it up to the refs decision and in
this situation given echo fox is
dramatic lead and the performance it had
in the game so far they decided to call
it for echo fox in my opinion that's
okay given the circumstances but i
understand why a lot of people might not
have that opinion and that's kind of a
tough situation here is that you know
you can argue either way and ultimately
you just have to decide one way and go
with it so they decided to go with the
echo fox win and we all move on now we
don't leave fault with
right eSports or the League ops or the
rest for this decision that's the way
the rule goes they've written it that
way and it seems to make sense because
situations like these do happen my
frustration is really with the fact that
League Legends has been a game for quite
some time now a competitive eSports has
been going for this long we've had LCS
for how many years and yet these issues
continue to happen we continue to see
bugs like this cause chrono breaks and
you know remakes sometimes the first
time ever I think I've seen something
like this and I don't know why it
continues to happen you know there's
actually a buffer and the time that a
patch gets released and then it's played
on the LCS just to make sure that bugs
like this don't happen and to give
players and teams time to adapt so it's
disappointing to me that we haven't
solved the set of circumstances and
what's super strange to me is that we
continue to discover bugs in the LCS and
during important tournaments and I don't
understand how these bugs first pop up
and competitive play because
theoretically you would think a lot of
these bugs pop up in the how many
hundreds of thousands or millions of
games I don't know that people are
playing on the patch before they even
hit the stage so I I don't know it's
just disappointing I look at the rest of
eSports I don't see issues like this I
don't understand why these bugs aren't
identified ahead of time I certainly
think that there's probably a task force
that could be created internally to try
to seek these things out and stop them
from occurring and the LCS may be that
task force already exists I don't know I
would have loved to done an interview
with a league ops person about the
decision and what goes into this at the
time of recording they haven't gotten
back to me with the ability to do an
interview I understand why they're
probably still sorting stuff out it's
only been about an hour or two but still
it would have been nice to talk to
somebody about it because I can't talk
to anybody from write about it I
actually I'm joined right now by two
models who are attending the LCS and
will I'll be able to interview them and
get their take on it
this is Julie from Montreal Kate from
Bulgaria so let's go into this really
quickly you guys were watching the games
what is your take on the situation Julie
for me was definitely the thing like the
fair thing to sit too
because it go Fox I'd such a lead and
for me was really the four dragons that
was like yeah I think they almost won
that game and they were in the lead and
gold also so it was hard for me to see
how clutch could overcome that that lead
yeah Kate what was your thoughts as you
saw the pause and then you realize that
they were gonna just like award the win
to echo fox of course like I don't think
it would be any fair if echo Fox would
be stolen
like if the win was stolen from them I
think it was a pretty solid win for them
but the thing is the main question is as
you as well said is why do things like
this keep happening and I mean it's
really frustrating for the fans and
especially for the teams like if you
want to you know meet your team and like
congratulate them you can't really do
that because their win wasn't really a
win Julie any thoughts on how riot
should avoid this in the future
well just prevent bugs I would say
that's the main thing or yeah it's not
like if you could have a team I can fix
those things like really quickly and
like oh maybe be more transparent about
it's just he just like the player left
this stage and then it's like ACO folks
win it was just like what what just
happened like like maybe someone could
have come and explain why I decided this
and maybe like congratulate the team and
just not like just the players left and
they win so it's like okay it was pretty
big pause it was like solid 30 minutes
or something like that and all of a
sudden the players were gone from the
stage we're like okay what happened well
thank you so much to Julie and Kate for
your thoughts on the subject
hopefully we get a chance to talk to
write about it in the future and
hopefully you enjoyed this video if you
did feel free to subscribe we check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
this is annoying she's the woman that
does all the emotes for my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who were actually very
popular so if you don't sub to my
channel and watch my videos she said
that she's never gonna do any more
emotes or my twitch channel C look she's
already leaving because I've
becoming less popular she's looking for
popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni / but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put the description
when she's gone